auto domain adjustment (#2840)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/picongpu: docs/source/usage/workflows/numberOfCells.rst

Together with the grid resolution in :ref:`grid.param <usage-params-core>`, the number of cells in our :ref:`.cfg files <usage-tbg>` determine the overall size of a simulation (box).
The following rules need to be applied when setting the number of cells:

Each device needs to:

#. contain an integer *multiple* of supercells
#. at least *three* supercells

> #. for non periodic boundaries the absorber must fit into the local volume

Reviewer: I think the term `the absorber` is not something a user knows (but our slang).
maybe better write
```suggestion
#. for non periodic boundary conditions, the number of absorbing boundary cells for devices at the simulation boundary (see :ref:`grid.param <usage-params-core>`) must fit into the local volume
```

The grid size will be automatically adjusted if the conditions above are not fulfilled. 

> This behavior can be disabled by using the command line option `--autoAdjustGrid off`

Reviewer: needs two `` in `r.st` :)

Author: :-( ok will fix it

Reviewer: yeah, it's super confusing that rst and md have this subtle difference xD
